Cleanup volumes tutorial (#554)
foundriesio/docs: source/tutorials/configuring-and-sharing-volumes/update-shellhttpd-application.rst

Update Shellhttpd
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The previous section, :ref:`tutorial-dynamic-configuration-file`, shows how to send configuration files using Fioctl®.
You also saw where the file is located on the device: ``/var/run/secrets/shellhttpd.conf``

> However ``shellhttpd`` is not yet using this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, ``shellhttpd`` is not yet using this file.
```

> Now you will learn how to modify ``docker-compose.yml`` so that the app will use the host machine's ``/var/run/secrets/shellhttpd.conf`` instead of the configuration built into the container.

Reviewer: I might be silly here, but I think that "now" and "will" in the same sentence do not work. I would also break the line at some point.

> Now you will learn how to modify ``docker-compose.yml`` so that the app will use the host machine's ``/var/run/secrets/shellhttpd.conf`` instead of the configuration built into the container.

Author: ```suggestion
You will learn how to modify ``docker-compose.yml`` so that the app uses the host machine's ``/var/run/secrets/shellhttpd.conf``.
```

Make sure you received your update by checking the latest **Target** on the :guilabel:`Devices` tab in your Factory.

Once you receive the update, the Docker log will show the new message configured with Fioctl in the previous section:

.. prompt:: bash device:~$, auto

    device:~$ docker logs -f shellhttpd_httpd_1

::

     PORT=8080
     MSG=Hello from fioctl

If you test the app with ``curl``, it will also display the new message:

.. prompt:: bash host:~$, auto

    host:~$ curl <device IP>:8080

::

     Hello from fioctl

> Repeat the ``fioctl config`` command used in the previous section to confirm that everything is working.
> Update the configuration file using Fioctl on your host machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeat the ``fioctl config`` command in the previous section to confirm everything is working.
Update the configuration file using Fioctl on your host machine:
```
